The horse of the trapeze.
It's the moon. It's the moon. It's the moon.
The cabbage fluttered lightly.
It's heavy, fluttering, and full of air.
The red-eyed butterfly is blue.
It's fluttering back and forth.
It's a very bright mountain sound.
The wind is blowing.
The smell of the cotton is fresh.
The smoke is strong.
The grass is green.
The skin smells like a child.
The grass is fluttering.
It's a thundering sound.
The red-eyed butterfly is awake.
It's waiting for someone to come.
It's hot. It's hot. It's hot.
It's a very bright sound.
The insects are crying.
The grass is green.
The sound of the grass is very loud.
It's the moon. It's the moon. It's the moon.
It's the moon. It's the moon.
The priest.
As if the sound of the sound was heard.
It's a loud sound and a lion.
The wind is
The flowers of the sun are burning somewhere.
It's the eyes. It's the eyes. It's the eyes.
It's the moon. It's the moon. It's the moon.
The father was there. Maria-sama.
Shhh. Shhh.
The rest is quietly the caravan.
Magisa.
A white moon with receding look, a white flame.
assumption has fiveipping furrow or
ـ¶¶